How many records are joined
between the two datasets?
To join the datasets together,
we connect up the Join tool and
make sure each side is connected in.
Then we select the two
fields to make the join on.
We need to understand the data first, so
we look at the fields that
are the same between the two datasets.
Then we select first name and
last name from the drop downs.
Notice how when I select
the field on the left,
the field on the right is
automatically populated.
This is because it has the exact
same spelling in the second dataset.
If it didn't, we would have to
manually select it for ourselves.
When we run the workflow [SOUND], we can
check both the left output and right
output sides to see if there was any
fallout or if any records didn't join.
However, there are no records
on either of those sides.
So we go to the J output and
we can see that six records were joined.